Trump just recently signed an executive
order to start a trade war with Canada
Mexico and China can you touch on any of
the reasons he gave this executive order
yes he wants the American economy to
collapse okay all jokes aside we'll get
to that in a second don't worry and by a
second I mean right now Trump has
announced new tariffs on China Canada
and Mexico you want to know why he's
doing this cuz he's secretly in the
pocket of G Chris voted Donald Trump and
contrary to most economists he thinks
that tariffs will mean more money in his
pocket and if our if we're making more
money on tariffs that means our taxes
American citizens can pay less taxes
will it affect your business no it'll
help it'll help a lot how will it help I
think cost of goods will go
down being a republican is just living
in opposite reality that's it there's
like no other way to analyze interpret
what's going on okay nah you don't
understand this thing that is literally
a agressive Universal sales tax because
the middle like the import exporters
that are the mediators are going to be
paying for the cost of the good at the
point of arrival are going to carry over
that cost of the consumers that is
actually going to cut prices somehow 83%
of trump supporters support the tariffs
what 83% oh dude America needs to be
stuck studied like a [ __ ] labat
America and the American mind especially
the conservative mind needs to be
disected and examined thoroughly the
amount of worms we would uncover in the
brains of the average conservative like
this is the exact opposite what are you
saying what you are describing is the
exact opposite of reality why why are
you saying the exact opposite of reality
what is going on I don't understand it
who is telling them that this is the
good thing I can't believe I'm the guy
sitting here in saying that isolationist
trade policies if not directed towards
uh a a competent competitive domestic
manufacturing is going to Simply lead to
prices increasing it's going to lead to
pric increasing regardless but it's also
going to lead to prices increasing a lot
if there no domestic manufacturing
capabilities for the same exact things
right raw materials for example do not
often have a competitive domestic
manufacturing uh or or even sometimes
the raw materials necessary like if
you're looking for I don't know trees
for example wood okay we get it from
Canada we get it from Canada now do we
have an abundance of wood in this
country yes we have a [ __ ] ton of forest
we have not destroyed some of our forest
uh because we're just getting it from
Canada now we could destroy our forests
and not get it from Canada we could do
that we could like gut our national
parks or whatever right there's plenty
of trees there but even that would take
time so in this process in the interim
period as we move to destroy our own
natural resources one Canada will
obviously Strike Back back and add
tariffs to our Goods that they are
purchasing and also simultaneously in
the interim period as like the American
Wood industry is building up for this to
to make to compete with the raw output
of the Canadian Lumber industry there
would still be a ginormous increase of
cost of wood I don't know if you know
this chat but wood is very important for
building houses especially after a
massive wildfire that destroyed tens of
thousands of standing structures
residential homes and businesses alike
which means there will be additional
demand for wood so slapping 25% tariffs
on all Canadian Goods right after a
wildfire happens is this Choice it's an
interesting choice Trump supporting
companies would likely be granted
exemptions from these new tariffs like
in his previous term that's what I
suspected as well when he talked about
tariffs cuz he had done this in the past
that he's going to use tariffs and who
gets hit with the tariffs not like
everyone that is purchasing goods from
Canada and China but instead uh the the
companies uh companies that are align
with Trump will get exemptions I don't
know if it'll happen this time around
the second reason for the tariffs I
think is because he wants to destroy
income tax I think he wants to just
abolish income tax and make it so
because income tax is one of the few
progressive taxation methods we have at
our disposal and even then there are so
many mechanisms for the wealthy to avoid
paying a fairer share of their taxes
that's why the effective tax rate for
the average American is around what like
40% whereas for the super wealthy the
one % uh it's
0.01% right that is a massive massive
disparity that is uh in spite of the
progressive taxation structure we have
for uh income tax now Donald Trump is
openly I think trying to change the
structure away from income tax in its
entirety and only make Americans pay
with tariffs I think that's what's going
on I think the goal here is to reshape
our taxation structure to move away from
the last progressive taxation structure
and eradicate it in its entirety and
move directly to tariffs which would
work as a regressive tax like sales tax
sales tax is a regressive tax the way
tariffs work in this process would
operate like a federal sales tax you
call it a patriot tax or call it
whatever they want to call it but I'll
just say it like this considering that
this is the initial reaction to the
tariffs I suspect that a lot of people
won't recognize when they're paying
significantly higher prices I don't
think they'll recognize where it's
coming from or why they're paying higher
prices they'll probably still find a way
to blame black people or something
they'll say oh it's Dei yeah I think
it'll be it I think eggs will be cheaper
right now they're too much they're like
a million
dollars amazing thank you oh the Chamber
of Commerce is not happy well I'm
shocked stay from the US chamber tariffs
are not the answer Washington DC us
Chamber of Commerce senior vice
president head of international John
Murphy released the following statement
regarding president Trump's announcement
that the administration will Implement
25% terrs on Canada Mexico and 10%
tariffs on China the president is right
to focus on major problems like our
broken border and the scourge of fenel
but the imposition of tariffs under the
ieepa is unprecedented won't solve these
problems it will only raise prices for
American families and append Supply
chains the chamber will consult with our
members including mainstream businesses
across the country impacted by this move
to determine the next steps to prevent
economic harm to Americans we will
continue to work with Congress and the
administration on solutions to address
the fenel and Border crisis yeah not
happy is is Right wasn't Carl icon uh
who was totally on board with Donald
Trump like the thing that separated him
from Trump was when he put tffs on steel
he was like you can't do that you know
all of these like squishy Libs or who
people who present themselves as
liberals when they're like you know
obviously right-wing billionaires in
general uh have no issues with like all
of the death and Devastation that Trump
will cause upon marginalized populations
but the moment that their bottom line is
impacted they're like whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa it's not like that it's not
like that what's happening I don't
understand why he does this can you
explain it to me I'm dumb lol I think
that there are two reasons why Donald
Trump wants to do this one because
Donald Trump wants to utilize the
tariffs a mechanism of pressure for
sectors and Industry leaders uh to
basically Kiss the Ring you kiss the
ring you don't get hit with tariffs
because remember for those of you who
still don't understand this because I've
talked about it a million times over
tariffs don't actually work in the way
that Trump claims it does right tariffs
don't actually work in the way that uh
you know maybe to your surprise the
Republican party is claimed it works
you're not actually putting a tariff on
the country right you're not putting a
tariff on like China and China is is
paying for the price of said tariff the
Tariff is an entry fee so it's not
actually uh the the Chinese companies
that are paying for the Tariff it's
actually the American companies that are
tasked with importing the goods that are
paying the Tariff at the point of entry
that's it so it's actually American
manufacturers that will now get a more
costly good overall because if let's say
you're getting your T-shirt
shipped from China right your garments
you're a garment producer or the the raw
materials necessary to produce garments
in the United States of America let's
say you're getting that from China now
there's a 10% tariff on all Chinese
Goods which means you have to pay a 10%
entry fee on everything that you
purchase which means automatically the
Garment manufacturing goods are now 10%
more expensive so when your garment uh
when you when you're selling your wares
to a Factory that is tasked with making
t-shirts at the point of purchase that
second company is basically buying a 10%
more expensive product if a bulk
purchase of t-shirts was $100 now it's
going to be
$110 and when that happens and that
t-shirt manufacturer takes $110 worth of
t-shirts now that previously was $100
they are going to increase the price of
all of the t-shirts that they're making
so that they can car carry the cost over
to the consumer so now the product like
the the cost of the the good necessary
to make this product is increased the
cost of the product is increased overall
uh and every step of the way from the
point of the uh merchandise the point of
the the uh Goods entering the United
States all the way to the point of the
consumer purchasing it at a store the
cost of that t-shirt increases every
step along the way and you as a consumer
end up paying the price the money made
by the tariffs the additional uh money
goes to the federal government now they
have extra money that they can work with
and you the consumer are technically
subsidizing that money this is the
reason why tariffs can be seen as a
federal sales tax there's also almost
always retaliatory tariffs from the
other country and and for the record uh
when tariffs do happen if uh there is no
competitive domestic manufacturing of
course trade of that sort of commodity
or all Commodities if all Commodities
are tariffed will actually decrease
because people will seek out cheaper
alternatives so they will move in the
direction of like Vietnam for example or
another manufacturing Hub that isn't
China that will still make the same or
similar products without the additional
cost associated with it now of course
changing your manufacturing to a
different country is a arduous and and
relatively costly process so that in and
of itself will also yield more expensive
Goods at the point of purchase so
there's also that issue in the interim
and the retaliatory tariffs on the other
hand will also yield the same exact
results China will engage in retaliatory
tariffs like they did with soy with
soybean right that's what they did when
uh Donald Trump in his first
Administration engaged in tariffs on
steel from China and China said okay
we're putting a tariff on soybeans this
ends up harming the American
manufacturers because now the Chinese
government is looking for alternatives
to purchase soybeans from so they're not
they're not going to get it from America
they're going to get it from elsewhere
and and at the end of that process it
ends up harming the American
manufacturers and I say this I criticize
all of this for the record while also
maintaining the position that tariffs on
particular Goods is not necessarily a
bad thing while on the one hand I want a
byd car I wish that American
manufacturing uh was was interested in
making competitive electric vehicles so
while we do actually maintain some
understandable trade isolationist
policies when it comes to car
manufacturing for example in an effort
to preserve and protect our
manufacturing sector and and automobile
Manufacturing the American manufacturers
are also not using this as an
opportunity to create better products
overall but instead products that
hyperfocus on uh avoiding Cafe standards
and and building larger and larger tank
like structures in a country where the
Ford
F150 is the most popular vehicle I
considered that to be an annoying
nuisance while still maintaining the
position that I understand why there is
a necessity for some tariffs on some
Goods why because the automobile
industry in the United States of America
is a competent and competitive
manufacturing force that already exists
now it's in a state of disrepair it's
been crippled it's uh you know for
profit seeking has has truly eviscerated
this sector as well just like every
other sector but it still exists and
there are thousands of American laborers
Union laborers good union jobs that are
readily available at the assembly line
ironically enough tariffs even impact
those guys at least these tariffs that
we're talking about you might say Hassan
why they're making the cars in America
that's a F-150 baby how do tariffs
actually impact American manufacturing
even the Auto industry great question
Hassan let me answer Hassan a lot of the
cars and their parts that are being
manufactured uh or at least being
assembled on assembly plans in the
United States of America are actually
being manufactured in Canada and more
importantly than Canada Mexico so when
these tariffs are placed upon Mexico and
Canada As Trump has claimed he's going
to do as he's signed into law as of
today what ends up happening is the
engines that are being made in Mexico
are going to be more costly the parts
within the manufacturing are going to be
costly which will then increase the cost
of goods that are being domestically
produced because they're being
domestically assembled but there're
still being produced or at least parts
of them are still being produced
globally this is the reality of global
trade this is something that is
impossible to avoid we have designed
Society in a way where we're maxing out
I guess not necessarily efficiency but
we've designed Society in a way where we
max out profits and therefore Goods that
even are assembled or manufactured in
the United States of America will end up
uh seeing massive cost increases and
supply shortages especially in the
interim period um because a lot of these
a lot of these cars are still very much
uh having their parts manufactured in
Mexico so even if you need a part to fix
your car going to be more costly for you
yeah the auto supply chain between
Canada and the US are extremely
integrated there's some stat that says
Parts uh cross the border eight times
prior to final manufacturing the tariffs
are horrible for everyone but the
oligarchs what is this world of
statistic in the United States 54% of
adults have at literacy below a sixth
grade level 20% are below fifth grade
level and 21% are illiterate what a that
is not good
dude holy [ __ ] we're going to reach a
new record baby this is where they get
their news oh yeah what you going to do
yeah I saw this Newsmax host taunts
people complaining about migrant
deportations of Latinos by eating a taco
on air will you come take it out of my
ham I'm going eat half this plate during
the break maybe I'll call the ice
hotline I don't know if I'll have enough
time sure
all kidding aside it was actually really
good taco these people broke the law
they broke the law to get here I can't
say what I think should happen to this
person because I would get banned and it
would make some of my uh most vocal
haters very elated very excited but you
can't stop me from thinking it at least
until the neurolink chips kick in you
know what I mean and then you're
immediately prosecuted for Thought
crimes just ruthlessness pure cruelty no
politics just politics of spite anger
resentment hatred